thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now
cosmo vox available for the iphone or
the ipod touch in the app store right
now for two dollars and yes I've been
doing that for the past three days
straight my email address is Chris at
pirillo com maybe you're also in love
with sound making applications either
for the iPhone or for the desktop let me
know what you think you're also welcome
to join us in our community of geeks at
geeks dot pirillo com and of course
you're also welcome to join us in the
chat room we've got this like peanut
gallery where people just love talking
about what I'm doing here on camera even
if it is Oh apparently I've run out of
battery that's why I have it plugged in
here you're welcome to join us in that
chat room 24 hours a day 7 days a week
here so you see that little URL that's
where you got to go live got pirillo com
will you later